README.md, before:

# Ratakor's build of dwmblocks
See dwm config and dotfiles/.local/bin/statusbar for the interesting stuff.
Also, blocks.h -> config.h

Do kill -number $(pidof dwmblocks) to manually refresh process, number is Update Signal + 34.
# Install
    make clean install
# dwmblocks
Modular status bar for dwm written in c.
# usage
To use dwmblocks first run 'make' and then install it with 'sudo make install'.
After that you can put dwmblocks in your xinitrc or other startup script to have it start with dwm.
# modifying blocks
The statusbar is made from text output from commandline programs.
Blocks are added and removed by editing the blocks.h header file.
By default the blocks.h header file is created the first time you run make which copies the default config from blocks.def.h.
This is so you can edit your status bar commands and they will not get overwritten in a future update.
# patches
Here are some patches to dwmblocks that add features that I either don't want to merge in, or that require a dwm patch to work.
I do not maintain these but I will take pull requests to update them.
<br>
<a href=https://gist.github.com/IGeraGera/e4a5583b91b3eec2e81fdceb44dea717>dwmblocks-statuscmd-b6b0be4.diff</a>

Commit message:

move status bar modules here for conveniance

README.md, after:

# Ratakor's build of dwmblocks
- blocks.h -> config.h
- You will need [statuscolors](https://dwm.suckless.org/patches/statuscolors/) patch and [that fix](https://github.com/anurag3301/my-dwm/blob/main/patches/dwm-statucolours-fix.diff) from anurag3301 for the colors to work with dwm. (These are dwm patches, not dwmblocks)
- Be sure that you export XDG_CONFIG_HOME in your profile or change the location of the modules.
- Do kill -number $(pidof dwmblocks) to manually refresh process, number is Update Signal + 34.
# Install
    make clean install
# dwmblocks
Modular status bar for dwm written in c.
# usage
To use dwmblocks first run 'make' and then install it with 'sudo make install'.
After that you can put dwmblocks in your xinitrc or other startup script to have it start with dwm.
# modifying blocks
The statusbar is made from text output from commandline programs.
Blocks are added and removed by editing the blocks.h header file.
By default the blocks.h header file is created the first time you run make which copies the default config from blocks.def.h.
This is so you can edit your status bar commands and they will not get overwritten in a future update.
# patches
Here are some patches to dwmblocks that add features that I either don't want to merge in, or that require a dwm patch to work.
I do not maintain these but I will take pull requests to update them.
<br>
<a href=https://gist.github.com/IGeraGera/e4a5583b91b3eec2e81fdceb44dea717>dwmblocks-statuscmd-b6b0be4.diff</a>
